welcome back to Google fours everybody
my name is Google today I am going to
dry-aged every single meet I can find
check it out before starting I want you
to understand what dry aging is I like
to use a special membrane which is
called mi dry it allows me to dry aged
at home without any special equipment
and all there is to do is to put it
inside of this membrane set it in a
cooling rack and put it on my regular
refrigerator for the desired time to dry
age in essence what dry age does is it
extracts moisture from the meat it also
tenderizes the meat and it develops a
unique flavor that I enjoy and the end
results sometimes vary most of the time
with a more intense flavor and after dry
aging several steaks including the most
expensive steak in the world which was
Japanese Wagyu a5 my subscribers always
ask me to dry aged every type of meat so
today by their request I am dry aging
everything I can find so let's begin we
start off with shrimp I have no idea
what's about to happen but I'm excited
to find out for preparation I kept a
pretty simple I made sure they were all
deveined and also removed all the shells
and in most I try to keep the tails
intact as you'll be seeing throughout
this video the only thing left to do is
to put it in the bag and make sure that
I set all of them to the edge that way
when I'm using my vacuum sealer I try to
remove most of the air out it does not
matter how much you try all of the air
will not come out and that's okay now
there's left to do is to put it on a
cooling rack to make sure the air
circulates all the way around and put it
on my refrigerator to dry-aged for 15
days once the time was up this is what
it looks like
it is paper-thin I don't think there's
anything left I mean check this out but
let's open it and check it out what we
got and once I did this is what it looks
like it doesn't smell fishy it doesn't
smell like shrimp it actually has no
smell at all and it feels like rubber
like hard rubber once I split it open
with my hands check it out there's
nothing left remember that we took all
the shells out Wow
I mean if I take it apart and put
something like this look at it you can
make a sculpture out of it since it's so
dry there's no smell it is a perfect
sculpture but hey we got to try it and
see how it tastes
once I cut it up and check out what it
looks like there's almost nothing there
but once I tried it it's terrible
oh it's like fishy and rubbery I thought
it was gonna be kind of like a chip no
but what if I grabbed another piece and
put some fire on it so I took my torch
and went to town cooking it a little bit
might make it better as you can see
after I was done with the torch is very
dry so I dunked it in olive oil and put
a little bit of sea salt on top that
should make it better let's see no that
is horrible nope not for me absolutely
not chicken breast this might be one of
the most consumed protein throughout the
entire world so everyone knows what
chicken breast tastes like and to be
honest this one got me a little nervous
but hey it's an experiment and I'm gonna
give it a go remember do not try this at
home I'm still very curious to find out
what will happen so after putting it in
the membrane and let it dry age for a
total of 15 days this is what I got that
friends is a dry aged chicken breast the
most important thing to know if you had
success is the smell if it smells bad
throw it away if it's a weird smell
throw it away faster however when I
picked up this chicken breast and I took
a sniff at it it was fine he did still
smell a little bit like chicken but not
in a bad way some parts were soft just
like play-doh
the thinner edges however was like a
rock since the smell was not bad it gave
me confidence to trim it and even though
it was hard it was manageable and here's
what it looks like inside and after you
take it out of the bag if you smell it
and it does not smell bad then you are
90% okay and by trimming it and taking
another smell you'll be able to tell if
it's bad and this one did not ring any
alarm but once I was done with the
trimming this is what I got a very large
amount of unused chicken in a very tiny
piece for me to cook I mean holding it
in my hand guys this is Varadero and
it's kind of sticky which is very
interesting and as I mentioned no bad
smell I kept the seasoning simple with a
little bit of oil just to make sure that
my seasoning will stick then season it
with salt and freshly ground black
pepper
i pan-seared it until was fully cooked
and as you can see it's so thin that he
only took a few seconds and there we
have it fully dry eight chicken breasts
and once I cut it up and check it out
it looks quite dry and the smell that is
coming through is very interesting
it smells like pork cracklin it's a nice
smell but let's see how it tastes
huh i'll tell you one thing it does not
taste like chicken it is weird
I would say a mix of chicken and fish by
no mean is it bad but it is dry so dry I
had to take a juice break and after
lubricating my throat I had an idea I
know you're gonna think I'm crazy but
hold on a second let's just throw this
inside of the orange juice and dunk it
real good to make it nice and moist
taste it oh yeah that's way better
that's what I'm talking about again
don't try this at home
bacon we all know what they can taste
like I'll tell you one thing bacon is
amazing it is just basically candy that
is how good it is but I have no idea
what dry-aging is gonna do to it however
I'm super pumped to find out so after
putting it in the membrane and I let it
sit on my refrigerator to dry age for a
total of 35 days and once I did this is
what I got it completely changed color
as expected hey but we can't really tell
what this looks like so I gotta remove
it out of the membrane and once I did
that this is what I was left with it
smells wonderful it still smells like
bacon
but kind of like cooked bacon way I'm
excited to find out what we got inside
and as I did my first cut whoa what is
that
it looks like Wagyu beef and the smell
that is coming through is just amazing
like I said it smells like cooked bacon
and I can't wait to find out what its
gonna taste so I quickly sliced it in
small pieces and you already know that
bacon has already plenty of salt so
there's no need for seasoning then I
threw it in the pan to pan fry it and I
cooked that in till was nicely golden
brown and the funny thing is that it
cooks a lot faster than regular bacon it
seems like the fat just melts very fast
and reminds me of Japanese Wagyu a5 when
I'm cooking it but once I was done check
this out hey you tell me that doesn't
look good
come on now I wish you could smell it it
is a wonderful smell but hey the
important thing is how it's gonna taste
and when I took my first bite hahaha he
has a nice strong flavor of bacon it did
not change the profile of the taste it
just became better bacon oh that's good
this one is gonna go into the empty
plate club this is pork tenderloin as
the name says it's very tender but it's
also very lean after putting it in the
bag setting on my cooling rack I decided
to dry it for a total of 25 days once
the time was up I quickly removed it
from the bag laid it on my cutting board
and this is what it looks like that to
me looks exactly like beef these little
white parts got me a little worried I
thought it was mowed but then again when
I took a closer look at it it wasn't
this one is looking good and when I
smelled it I didn't find anything wrong
with it it's interesting that the top
part lost way more moisture than the
bottom so I quickly took my knife sliced
it open and this is what I got
whoa that looks good as you can see it's
just like beef and
perfectly dry-aged sometimes when you
open it up he has a weird funky smell
however this one doesn't whenever your
dry aging this is exactly what you're
looking for so I moved on to the next
step which is remove all the Pella costs
they are hard they don't taste good and
that's something that you should always
get rid of and I am a true believer out
not being cheap remove all of it when I
was done this is what I got left all the
pelicans on the left and the good stuff
on the right yes the yield is not that
great holding it on my hand I can
already tell this is gonna be something
good the meat is extremely tender it
also smells wonderful reminds me of
bacon I know it sounds weird but it does
and check this out it's just basically
falling apart
and if it's doing that before it's
cooked oh boy I can already tell it's
gonna be good so I quickly seasoned it
with salt and pepper nothing else
pan-fried it with a little bit of oil
and make sure that all edges got a nice
crust I mean if you take a look at this
you will never be able to tell that this
was actually dry aged first but once I
sliced that open check this out
it looks so juicy and as I take a bite
yes that is phenomenal it's slightly
stronger than fresh but in a very nice
way I mean check it out this one was a
success let me see if I can cut it by
myself with my fork yes that is tender
very nice so I like that and here we
have salmon it is one of my favorite
fishes to eat smoked dry aged or even
raw as a sushi salmon is always good and
you already know the drill after putting
it in the membrane I put it on my
refrigerator so that it will sit for a
total of 20 days once the time was up I
quickly removed it from the refrigerator
and this is what I got that color is
very interesting
it almost looks translucent at the same
time it does not feel like a rock like
the other ones alright enough playing
with it let's open it up and see what we
got and once I've done all of that oh
boy this is oily but at the same time
take a look at that color it still
smells like salmon but nothing
overpowering that's a good sign
alright let's cut it open and see what
we got and after my very first slice
whoa
check that out it looks like perfection
to me however I will say one thing it is
extremely oily I'm not quite sure if
that's a good thing or a bad thing after
I removed the skin I noticed the
bloodline is very strong and he also
feels kind of sticky and gooey I say you
know what that's gotta go and when I was
done trimming this is what I got I mean
doesn't that look like perfection very
nice an intensive color and I can't wait
to find out how it's gonna taste
I kept the seasoning simple with only
salt and freshly ground black pepper
nothing else I throw in some oil and
cook my fish into my preferred anise you
would never be able to tell that this
was actually dry-aged first and when I
try to cut it open ahahahahaha come on
and when I take my first bite
Oh hahaha hahaha yes that is phenomenal
it is difficult to put it in words it
still tastes like salmon but just better
super oily concentrated flavor and to be
honest with you I don't even want to
talk I just want to eat that was awesome
ground beef I like to grind my own meat
and it was done 90% lean which I used
sirloin and 20 percent fat after putting
it in the membrane and let it ride for
35 days this is what I got it is a solid
rock zero gaps in between and to my
surprise it is exactly what I'm looking
for when dry aging and when I opened it
up in my first slice whoa check that out
you tell me if that does not look like a
Japanese Wagyu a5 beef did I just make
the cheapest wag you in the world that
looks amazing
okay I'm wondering if I can actually
make a steak out of this so I quickly
trim all the pelicans and when I was
done this is what I got I'm excited for
this one I kept the seasoning simple
with salt and freshly ground black
pepper and nothing else so after quickly
pan searing and trying to keep that
temperature at 135 degrees Fahrenheit
internally this is what I got that does
not look like a steak it looks like a
croquette the edge is super crispy and
in held together like a champ
and once I sliced it open wow that is
juicy friends remember I always grind my
own beef so it gives me confidence not
to have to cook it all the way through I
mean check it out one part is a little
bit over cook on the top but the meadow
is kind of medium-rare which is what I'm
looking for every time I cook a steak
and when I tried it yes that is good
it's crunchy juicy in the middle it has
a very mild dry aged flavor it's nice
and fatty I mean I'm not gonna go in the
limb and say that this is yg but man
this makes me happy stay tuned because
we're gonna explore this further and I
have some great ideas with this and let
me tell you something disjoint a clean
plate club
thin sausage if you are unfamiliar with
this one it is very popular in Brazil
and we absolutely love it it's made out
of pork with some great spices to try
agent it's pretty straightforward just
got to put it in the bag and put it on
my refrigerator and dry aged for a total
of twenty days once the time was up I
quickly removing out of the bag and took
it out put it on my cutting board and
this is what it looks like to me it
looks exactly like salami and holding it
on my hand it also feels like salami
it's still a little soft but let me cut
this open and see what we got inside
check it out
you tell me that doesn't look like
salami it even smells like salami that's
one of the important things with
dry-aged you can always tell if it's
good by the smell of it and it smells
wonderful there's absolutely nothing
wrong with it it looks like this was a
success if you're wondering if you can
remove the casing absolutely not it
completely binded with the meat but hey
I can't wait to see how this is gonna
taste so I threw it in the pan with a
little bit of oil and cooked it up I
like my sausage a little crispy in the
edge so this is perfect and the
wonderful smell that is coming out of it
when it's cooking is wonderful and once
I was done cooking this is what I got it
smells fantastic and how does it taste
woah strong very strong however it no
longer tastes like a regular sausage it
has completely changed the profile and I
kind of like it I gotta say it that was
pretty good tilapia probably one of the
most popular freshwater fish after
putting it in the bag and letting it dry
aged for a total of 21 days this is what
I got it's looking very similar to the
shrimp but let's open it up and see what
we got inside whoa what is that that no
longer it looks like a fish it seems
like it's something from an alien movie
not looking good holding it in my hand
it feels like plastic this edge right
here is paper-thin however the other
side it still looks like we have some
meat but that edge right there is
exactly like the shrimp this one is not
looking good but I think we can save
some of the thicker part so like every
dry-aged are started by removing some
pella coasts and the very first part was
easy but the second one what is this
hold on let me get a bigger knife what
this is strong no maybe a bigger knife
will do oh my god there you go bigger
always does the job let me tell you
something this is very hard plastic and
it is almost impossible to cut but once
I was done with my trimming this is what
I got left everything that needs to go
bye-bye on the left and the good stuff
on the right
putting it next to my paring knife you
can tell that I have almost nothing left
the you of this dry aging experiment is
not very good but this one actually
feels kind of nice I'm excited to find
out how it's gonna taste so I throw a
little bit of oil to make sure my
seasoning will stick and I throw in a
little bit of salt and pepper nothing
else can sear didn't tear was nicely
cooked that only took a few seconds and
I ended up with a nice-looking piece of
fish it's just very small now when I'm
smelling it it smells quite different it
does not smell like fish I would say it
smells kind of like pork but when I took
a bite it's nice
however I can't tell in the difference
between this one and a fresh one the
only major difference is that this one
is dry but taste wise it's the same lamb
shank if you are like me you love lamb
but how is it gonna taste dry aged hmm
at least I never heard of dry aging lamb
the only way to find out is to do it so
I quickly put it on the membrane and let
it dry edge of my refrigerator for a
total of 35 days and once the time was
up this is what I got whoa this one is
not looking good and he has a very
strong smell
oh hey but we got it open and see what
we got and once I took it out check this
out I'm not quite sure if it's coming
through the camera but that white part
there is actually green green on dry
edges and no no and the foul smell that
is coming through is not pleasant
I hope my camera is doing its justice
the only thing you can't really
experience is the smell it smells
horrible and something that I'm happy
that you're not experiencing but I mean
once I picked it up check this out
everybody look at that that green stuff
is just not normal and once I took a
sniff at it oh that is terrible no no
I'm not doing it that is why I tell you
your nose will tell you everything but
hey this is an experiment I gotta go
through so I started to remove the
pelicans and when I did that ah man the
smell is just overwhelming it
intensified by a thousand whenever I'm
dry aging I always listen to my nose it
will tell me everything I need to know
trust me
you could tell when something is not
good I mean it seems that the mode even
went inside of the bone itself this is a
complete disaster I'm really considering
cooking it to see if it anything is
gonna change but when I took a smell of
it uh nah forget it I'm not doing it
nope let me go sanitize my board and
also my knife this is a no-go chicken
thighs this one is good because everyone
can relate to it I
also on a test if there's more flavored
dry-aging chicken thighs which sounds
totally wrong that is why we are running
this experiment after 15 days of dry
aging on my refrigerator I took it out
and this is what it looks like I mean if
you've seen a few already what do you
think about this it's way too thin and
it feels like a rock so I quickly went
to town on removing all the pelicans
I'll tell you one thing as I'm open this
up it smells much stronger than the
chicken breast and when I say strong I
mean it let me be clear does not smell
like it's bad it just has an strong
flavor of chicken and once I was done
trimming I got all the pelicans on the
left and the rest of my chicken thighs
on the right I mean check this out this
is like not even a bite it's probably
smaller than a piece of sushi but hey
the important thing is the taste so I
quickly seasoned with salt and freshly
ground black pepper and to keep
everything the same i pan-fried it until
was fully cooked and once I was done
check it out that my friends is a
dry-aged chicken not very appealing but
hey let's see how it tastes nothing it
tastes like a chicken thigh nothing
different it's just a little piece of
chicken nothing happened
how is that possible I'll tell you one
thing it tasted good but I did not
expect that and here we have Italian
sausage oh yeah spicy and very popular
throughout the entire United States so
after putting it in the bag I let a
dry-aged for a total of 35 days and once
the time was up this is what it looks
like
check out that color it looks like a
chorizo so I quickly removed it out of
the membrane and here's what we got to
be honest it smells wonderful it's still
very soft there's almost no pelicans
except on the top and it just feels like
a nice soft salami
and once I was done with my trimming
this is what I got but now there's
enough to do is to cook it up in the pan
and see what it tastes like I mean can
you see the spices coming through and
the smell guys is strong powerful not in
a bad way but I'm excited to find out
what its gonna taste but after pan Syria
to make sure I cooked all the way
through this is what I was left with
juicy smells good
and once I took my first bite hmm
interesting it tastes like a sausage
there's no difference I mean I'm used to
eating this sausage so I know exactly
what it tastes like I don't actually
think nothing happened and it was dry
aged for quite some time it's good but I
much rather that thin one
that's it guys I hope you enjoyed this
video if you do enjoy them make sure you
give it a thumbs up if you're not a
subscriber be sure to subscribe for
future videos rim
if you're interesting anything I use
everything is always in the description
down below thank you so much for
watching
then we'll see you guys in the next one
take care buddy bye bye